Hello dear, I want to meet you today
introduce our maxi cosi and also
one of the most practical purchases the
we did for the day
winter our maxi cosi
sleeping bag we have this maxi cosi
Here's the maxi cosi of this fix
amt is currently taking over the camerawork
and yes and now in the transitional period
or since the transitional period and then to
winter, of course, we have considered
what do we do what do we buy for you
footmuff and then have us directly for
the maxi cosi footmuff decided that
foot then we have kindly from
baby article de provided
get cost and unconditionally so
I do not have a video now
But I think that's about it
product really very good and therefore
I'll show you quickly and see
the maxi cosi with the seat as from
or just with this footmuff so me
take him because he is the whole time
Tripod crazy in any case we have
have the maxi cosi coffee black
we borrowed from gc in austria
together with the isofix station
I can only really do that every mom
recommend it is super handy and we
I have the donia pram there I can
you again the video in the infobox
to link
and you can also do that as a stop and go
system use for the maxi cosi and
just in time as if he was no longer
wanted to lie in this baby carrier and
did not fit in well, though
Although they find just a little bit somehow
we were too small when we were
shopping for example the maxi cosi
one should not use the child too
long in the maxi-cosi but leave at
shopping super-practical with the isofix
station maxi cosi worked out on the
stroller on it and super and what me
also very good
was just then the beanbag
if you do not worry about them
had to
what to wear or to have
no ski suit or something to wear
but that foot said that was just
always in the maxi-cosi inside and I show
you look like that with kai
this is how the sleeping bag looks like with a child
So, as you can see , it really does capture
fabric has maxi fabric in longer
cosi perfect and is now called eight months
and still fits in it will
Slowly but it still works
and right here has one
zipper and also here
I would have liked that one
you can lose the upper part
but unfortunately not being there of course
again is practical who can
you do not lose it and you can do that
nicely make out bottom flaps
So if it was somehow that way
I open it up quickly and like you
You can see every child is completely normal
buckle down here, too
lash down the strap
and here it is just the head part and he
is really very warm
we'll give it to you see you again
sleeping bag and now again without a child
that's what the whole thing looks like without a child
have already formed so fuzz here
because we really do have the sleeping bag
have been in use for a long time and
wraps constantly
As you can see, there are also here
at maxi cosi the two
Settings just after the
wedge is already big, we have the quote
above 1 was missing and you can do that here
also to hear together like that
with the help of these things as accurate and as
you see, it just fits everything
perfect so it really is in it
i the biggest advantage thats easy
perfectly matched to the maxi cosi
and then it works out that way and
This is what the assembly of this looks like
Footmuff is also ultralight like it
I show you now also completely
fast and you actually only do it
The following one either threads one
below 1 or above hangs just
on how tall your child is
us is threaded above then once
that here only once through this and
next to make that through this and
ready set go
All in all, I can really do this
footmuff and by the way at all on the
maxi cosi gabriel fix highly recommend before
all in combination with the isofix
traction granted to it with the help of this
isofix adapter things installed in the car
and you really only have to
a clip cen and snap out again and
that really has a lot of life for me
if i get on my child i would
definitely do it again
it is very cheap to rent
believe 30 euros for the maxi cosi and 30
euro for the isofix we paid
at mdc in austria you have to
I can just ask
very recommended
I do not want the video at all
unnecessarily lengthen
and if you still have questions about that
I would like to ask you and yes we
were really very very very very
satisfied
the only thing I think about now
If I have a baby, what would I do
a hot summer or a hot one
summerday no, so a baby what im
I would be born this summer
Maybe some summer
purchase for the maxi cosi because
especially in black beard it very much
warm in the summer
the summer in the kaff the world came
luckily was not so extreme and
even if the child is a few weeks
old one is then not synonymous permanently
on the way but just when she has a few
months older perhaps since summer
I do not have any personal reference at this time
I will experience but I believe
when we have a child seat at the
In any case, he will buy larger ones for me
to buy yes keep entertained
I say goodbye I hope so
video was interesting for you and me
say thank you for seeing me